yeah it's cutely again with another
review and this time I've got Hendrix
yeah I really don't know how to
pronounce that five for Galaxy s3 now
this one has been around for a long time
and the basic functionality well the
basic thing that this is promoting is
the look of it okay now this one runs a
UI called fluid UI 4.5 and listen this
thing okay so let's get into the rom now
first of all what you would see is the
standard lock screen off silence in mod
this is CM based ROM so you will find
all the features very similar well
exactly same as the signage and more
releases so it's nothing special but you
can see the UI is different you can see
icons are different everything else is
different it does have a few extra apps
which I will get into later let's get
rid of those settings now first of all
in the settings menu you can see that it
is all themed let's get you to the about
phone page in the about phone page you
can see it is it does have signage and
more statistics 4.4.2 is the thing this
KitKat you can see Android yeah that
thing also the puzzle thing which is the
Easter Egg you can see the mascot for
the Hendricks is here so you can see
that this is the developers thing this
is the buta yeah I'll get into that
later
so yeah you do have a lot of options
there it is v5 it is released on 27
March 2014 so it is kind of the latest
version for our device now so that's
pretty good huh let's get into the other
features now that is it in the above
phone thing in the personalization
features now again this is basically
silent mode with a skin on top of it but
the skin is different it's not just a
team function it does have other theme
function you can use other theme but I
don't see the reason why in the lock
screen options you can see it does have
screen security the standard things
custom widgets custom camera we should
accept all button action slide
short cut which is a four-way slider you
can have that so a lot of options them
actually one widget clock widget which
is the C clock which comes with
challenging mode so you do have less you
do have that also interface settings is
the best feature of size I guess so you
do have status bar options you can
enable a disabled clock you can have the
battery status style as icon portrait
icon landscape etc etc even hidden show
battery status percentage so it is
showing eighty-seven percentage and yeah
I'll get into that later the battery
life show a notification count that's
pretty good double tap to sleep so
pretty neat quick setting panel it does
have the Sandra's energy mode
quick setting with the camera which is
well probably my favorite feature of it
but it does like the Styles option you
cannot change the number of times per
row so that's something of a turn-off
for me so you do have that notification
where you can enable quick access menu
which is quick access ribbons which is
this one you can actually link it to the
quick setting or you can have your own
layout for that so yeah that's pretty
good
Auto close behavior and for the
notification Troyer expanded desktop you
all know you'll probably know what that
is by now is a good cat function so yeah
that is it in the personalization
options apart from that everything else
is similar and same as any other KitKat
ROM you do have electron beam animation
cell for screen of animation except
right set while you have a lot of
options there well again it's same as
the science involved with in added bling
yeah that's what I would call it about
from that you do have vibration
intensity etc it's pretty cool yeah that
is it in the ROM now something which I
want to tell you guys before flashing
the ROM if you flash the ROM and do not
flash the G apps it this will not work
correctly the home button and the quick
setting button will not work correctly
and it will have a lot of problems also
you need to flash the akan droids
G app specific G app you can have it
does have a minimal GFS and the full G
apps you have to flash the specific GF
because I have tried banks yet
and flame Ramdev it didn't work out it
gave me tons of force clothes issues so
yeah just a warning before you flash
this apart from that this is similar you
can see everything the icons are changed
but still the system apps are basically
the Kit Kat app so nothing special in
that the camera used is the normal
signage and more camera which it's not
the best camera which you can you could
have used you the slim ROM camera is
much better you do have the patch
version available for that so you can
just flash it over this one to get it
working
he does have easy voice recorder app
installed so that you can have a better
style of voice recorder rather than
signs and more one it converts
wallpapers and other app which is
included which by which you can select
other wallpapers from the developer so
you do have a lot of them you can also
go to their forum we had this one I
talks as option and you can get the
wallpapers from there so you can see and
I talks developer I do have network
connectivity it does require network
connectivity services includes
wallpapers etc official wallpapers so
you can go to their forum to get other
wallpapers so that is pretty good this
option this thing is just yeah my
network connection is not the strongest
one in the wall so yeah apart from that
there's nothing much going on it doesn't
my file explorer in my file explorer
which is there my voice stuff is really
good well if I had to prove I had a
preference for a stock fast word this
would have been the one so you can have
that it does come with titanium backup
so that's really good it does have the
normal super su super user script which
is available in designs and more
versions it does have torch which is
basic stuff you don't have a lot of
options there so yeah that is it in the
feature section again this is not a
feature-rich ROM this is a team decision
mode form so you can expect all the
features of silence and mantra which
again a bit of bling I'll show you guys
the boot animation which is really cool
here is the boot animation which I
absolutely love this is a minimal
boot animation which is really cool it
shows you the name of the ROM so that's
really cool so yeah I guess that much is
it about the ROM this is it there isn't
much to show in this form basic because
it's a team signage and more ROM which
is really cool
again the battery life I found this
battery life the battery life in this
one to be pretty awesome it's way better
than the CyanogenMod release as well I
haven't tried out the latest science and
mod but this one had a good great
battery life with the screen on and with
the screen off so yeah dude check this
out if this works for you
with the stock kernel of course so yeah
I guess how much is it about the wrong
hope you guys liked the video be sure
subscribe and like the video if you
found it useful see you guys next time